You can
hear
cry streets. and serenity by
dayendace for
But we can pull
through. I only
Is
there sometimes I wonder
Never
A
mind gets us home. Felix, I'll believe
in magic.
strong
break again.
I've been
Will I ever see this place again?
We should have had Lily Cloud special
guest. Oh, it's so loud outside.
Get
[__]
Okay. What's the deal with all this
abortion
talk? Um, shout out
abortion Dorian just ASMR. I really
should WD40 that [__] whatever.
Uh
okay. I think in call with me
now should should be just you. I
think I want to read your name as
Rupert, but I'm not going to even though
I just did.
You just you Yeah, you just did.
When are they releasing WD41?
Okay.
Um, okay.
Real question is when are they releasing
WD 328?
Oh,
I don't know what this
constitutes, but WD 328. I didn't did
you count how many 328 jokes are in the
vlog? I didn't count how many. No, I
think there were at least four.
There was definitely at least four. I
can assure you of that.
I mean, the real question is how many
Uno jokes are there? There should be at
least 25. There was only one. I know.
And it wasn't even a joke. It was just
like a showcase.
Exclusive Una showcase.
Everyone's gonna have to say that.
I I'm so glad, dude. I can't wait for
the limited uh SSS plus una gotcha to
come out, you know.
Yeah, Super Saiyan Smackdown.
Yeah, definitely stands for Yeah,
probably. That's how they invented it.
They didn't invent it. All right, we all
know who did.
Okay, welcome to Widecraft.
I would also hop on Minecraft, but I'm
not. I'm not on my main computer right
now, and I don't want to reinstall all
the mods on this. Oh, yeah. It is kind
of a pain. It would take like 5 seconds
actually, but I'm just lazy and like it
would be like for like an hour to play.
Well, you could install the mods
correctly, but then you have to do all
the settings. Also
true. Also, I don't even think I have
Minecraft installed on this computer.
Actually, you have to install it, too.
And all this all this is like very easy,
actually. It doesn't take long cuz it's
[__] Minecraft. But like, but
executive dysfunction exists. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm just not going to bother.
Ultra wide cicero
when? That's a good question. Maybe I
should do that. Um, Halfife 2 works in
wide screen. I actually haven't checked
if Halfife 1 does. I think I uninstalled
the Google Translate version cuz I was
playing the normal I was I was I was
playing normal HalfLife again.
Uh, let's
see. I do have HalfLife Half Hazard
installed still
allegedly. Yeah, I know you can't
connect. What the [__] is this? What's
happening? Get out.
Um, I have to remember how to install
the Google Translate
version properties and then I
need to go
here. Oh, and then maybe we just put
Google Translate into Valve, right?
Think we just do that and then I re Oh,
it's verifying. What are you verifying?
Oh, it's verifying Ultrakill.
Okay.
Okay. Um, I'll go ahead and restart
Steam and then we'll You should do your
um You should do your Ultrakill like
replay sometime soon. Yeah, I do need to
cuz I
uh need to have inspiration for the song
we're doing. And also right after you
played it, um, like there was a major
update, like big visual overhaul. Hakita
told me, that's kind of what we were
waiting on before we could actually like
start talking officially on doing
everything.
Makes sense. Yeah, that's that's
exciting. I have an old demo from the
Monarch uh like the Monarch demos that
one of the ones I didn't finish that I
might finish for for Ultrakill. I think
that'd be cool. Interesting. That would
be kind of peak. It was a demo called
Jerk.
Just like jerk and it had like a cat on
the cover. It was just like yelling at
screaming at people. Oh, I thought you
were being mean to the cat, but the cat
No, the cat was being mean to everyone
else. Yeah, the cat was being mean to
everyone else.
Yeah. Okay. Oh, that's good. I have 102
hours on Halflife.
Got to get those numbers up to 328 even.
Okay, this is not
quite this is not quite the Google
Translate version, but it is running in
widescreen. Um Oh, it's so gloriously
wide. Man, I want to be wide.
Do I have to put Oh, wait. No, no, no. I
have to do the beta version, I
think.
Uh don't yell at me. I'm a
person. Let's see. Where the Where the
[__] did I go? Oh, there it is. I'll
just save this to desktop really quick.
Or
actually, I'm sorry. I'm just thinking
out loud. Um, I can just drag this to
desktop like this, I
think. Where are you? Like this. Nice.
Yeah. I think what's cool about Huh?
when you're on stream, the whole point
is to think out loud. Yeah, that's true.
Um, but because I don't have my thing
showing just in case there's like some
files that are like we have to can't do
spoilers
cuz I just I just [__] leave
everything I'm working on everyone
everywhere around my desktop.
I mean, yeah, your desktop background is
literally Yeah, except everyone's
already seen that. So Oh, true. So, that
one's fine. Um, so, okay, I have that
there. We need to switch this to
the
beta
version. So beta and
then pre 25th anniversary build, I
think. Yeah, there we
go. I do want to play one shot.
I'm just lazy.
Okay, that's not Google Translate. I
probably need to reinstall it, I guess.
Quick game and then open
properties again. Share the game
files. Windows, you're so
slow. Oh, wait. I need to add that to
Valve, right? And then and then I quit.
I think I'm echoing on your
envy and
then restart Steam. I have played Night
in the Woods. Yeah.
I could play it again. I don't
mind. Come on,
Steam. You've got
this. There we go.
Okay. Uh oh my god. YouTuber's life.
OMG. Do not want to play
that. Okay.
And then we go to
halflife and then theoretically this
should be
fine.
No. Why you going to make me so
angry? Maybe I have to do the normal
beta
version.
Uh, I'll drop that in
thing or put it.
No, maybe this has to be the beta beta
version of the pre25th
anniversary. Actually, that might make
sense. We're about to find
out. Talk to Valve live on stream. I
know y'all are tight.
It's true. What is
this? There's no Google Translate in
this at
all. Hold
on. I'm so mad. I'm so
mad. You're really mad this time. You'll
be mad this time, etc., etc. Yeah. Yeah.
I didn't make a separate install for it.
I don't think it's all
just HalfLife 2
installs.
Uh, how would I say what would I
say?
Properties verify integrity of game
files. Then I reinstall it again.
Does anyone know to listen to to install
mods for Halflife? I've already done
this before, so it's like kind of stupid
that I'm asking this question, but to
install mods for
uh HalfLife one, you just put them in
the Valve folder of HalfLife,
right? Or am I just freaking
out? No, no, no, no, no, no. Relax. Oh
my goodness. Steam is so slow.
Oh, insurgency is still my favorite. Is
insurgency installed? It is
not. 8 gigabytes. That's nothing
crazy. like OG insurgency not even
uh oh there's nothing in this folder.
What the
hell? Okay, that'll do it.
Um, I guess I just need to redownload
it. I have flight randomizer mod. Not
randomizer. Google translate. I have the
randomizer mod installed
already. The randomizer is really scary
though. Half2 Google translate edition.
Where's halfife one? Five Google
translate
edition. Or just that
one.
Download now.
1.1 114. Was this
updated? Did they update
it?
No, no, no, no. Oh, maybe I had to play
an older version. I'm
like, I'll download that one
instead. Oh, I don't. Okay. Okay. Okay.
It's fine. A normal. What's pilford
craft? Uh, put this in here and remove.
So, imagine a pilford, right? Imagine
the biggest pillford you've ever seen.
Yeah. The large like really like growing
even actually getting bigger by the
second. Getting bigger by the second.
Now, forget about that. And take
Minecraft, right? And it's shrinking.
It's getting tiny, minuscule even.
And it's so tiny. You sprinkle it on
your like dinner and you eat it like
salt. Now forget that. Um, now take a
Minecraft server and add brain rod. Now
that's what it is. Now that's what it
is. Now that's how you do it. Get the
start screen. Get away. You're
stupid. Okay. Get in there.
Okay, now I play play play this
thing and it's not that. I think I have
to
maybe I think I hear
something. What is it saying to
me? Take all the contents and put them
into the valve folder. Okay, that's what
I thought.
Take these and put them in here and then
that's good. I think
What do you mean 1%?
You know what I think we should take?
What? Ponies.
You said Hey, you said it, not me. You
said it. That's true. You still have
your one
chance. Oh, there we
go. It's working. It's working. Hold
on. I'll destroy the
game. There we go. I'm not going to do
this the whole stream,
but we can try and experience HalfLife
Google Translate Edition in a glorious
widescreen.
Uh, it
crashed. Let me let me just restart
Steam really quickly.
Okay, now don't crash. Okay, it
crashed. I might have to
do the
the pre-anniversary beta. I
maybe going to find out.
Okay, that's not
right. Okay, troubleshooting again.
Except I know what to do this time.
Uh, go here. And then we say, what do we
say? Here's what we say.
Okay. And then what do I
say? Uh the video. Okay. Well, I know
how this works.
play. Okay, it is a new
game and we're in. Hi, welcome to Black
Mesa in the column to ensure the safety
and comfort of Black Mesa Research
Center. The very personal in his
hand. It's not truly full screen. Uh,
but I
don't quite know how to Okay. Well,
that's not
right. The video I'm
assuming TV is I'm assuming TV is what
is the
way. Okay, I guess we'll just have a
little bar down here for no reason.
That's whatever my
immersion. Anyway, this is Halflife One
Google Translate version.
So, actually guys, for everyone
wondering, this is Pilfordcraft,
actually.
Yeah. For everyone who's a fan of
HalfLife, you'll remember this game.
Trains range from high school student
buildings to lab centers and X testing.
More than me. uh from
the the game. This game allows you to
hear. Um Rumstone has asked, "Is it
possible to make everything wide?" Yes,
everything must be wide forever. I I
think this is right. Chief of staff,
right?
43. Oh, hi Clara. 43 stretched is
legally
required. Wait, Claraara, do you do you
want do you want mod privileges for no
reason? I mean, do you want to have the
power?
Okay, everyone watches Claraara becomes
powerful. Eating or drinking in the Mesa
Black transmission system is not
permitted due to the large quantities of
substances in the Mesa Black complex.
Always keep your feet on the train. Do
not attempt to open the doors unless the
train is parked on the platform. In an
emergency, passengers must remain seated
and wait for further instructions. It is
convenient to get off the bus. You must
first remove the disabled. Get off the
train and go to the emergency station
until you get help. Elon Musk is running
Black Mesa.
We don't have the announcing moonlight
glow tag in the server cuz that's beans.
True. Even
do we even have No, we don't even have
the other one. Yeah, we just don't have
it. Wait, I part of me is like, oh, I
should have turned on halfhazard mod,
too. But I feel like we wouldn't be able
to hear anything if that happens. Oh,
but it would be so funny.
Funny is funny.
Oh, but it would be so funny. Black
Mesa's denial of hatred tells you that
the race will begin at 7:00 p.m. Lot 3.
With the announcement of the
semi-finals, senior security personnel
will lead safe
transportation. Make sure that this
depends on your situation.
No, let's let's let's do halfhazard mod.
destroy the game. Let's do have hazard
mod. I think it should have the
same This should have the same
Yeah. Here we go.
Funny.
Help. Help. Barney.
Insufficient power. HV shutting down.
Oh, this is going to be really
good. Hold on. I need to get the uh use
the key to access your
property. Funny
Alejandro
freezer island.
Sorry, we're going to need to do this.
Uh, and then Impulse 101, I think. Is it
Is it impulse 101? Someone's coming. Oh,
we'll get to that. Okay. Shut up.
Something's coming. Shut up. Something's
coming. Shut up. Something's
coming. Okay.
Okay, I might have to wait for a second.
We should enable god mode because we
will not be able to play this halfhazard
mod without god
mode. The
valve so far. Everything's kind of
reasonable.
Okay, release the
chest. They agreed to apply their
measurements. Go to
what? And the Anthem Cisero. Great.
Great
camera. Standard.
Send research assistant.
Huh?
Clear.
Radio go. maintain. Please leave me to
justice.
Okay.
No radio. Please leave me to justice.
Lab develops correct material. Oh, so
I'm new.
Okay.
Get out of there.
Get out of there. Run,
man. Demons. Okay.
Deaguated.
What do you think?
primary biological dise
biological disposal. We look forward to
We look Canulu.
Okay. Canu,
stop. Stop. Make that stop being the
dension sound.
Stop. This is
it. Stop. Stop making that be the
Okay. Okay. The moment this the moment I
just spent a lot and nothing more.
That's a head. That's a head crab
partner.
Where's my UI?
Okay. Okay. I just don't get
Uh, I
need no clip just to progress here. I
think
uh it's not working.
Is it no clip
one?
Nope.
Nope. Also left some hidden glasses.
I don't think No Club Zero will work.
Um,
oh, okay. You will leave some here.
Let's turn this off now.
Why can't I do this later?
Yes, sir.
Where do you smell? Thank god you're
here.
You will leave some
here. This door is locked.
Bravo force reports hotel. This is a
wrong we can reason and it will be a
long time before they
danger
biohazard. Okay.
Canulu to draw. Well, I will embrace
you. Yes, there is money.
Okay. Can you stop? Can you stop doing
this, please? I'm sure. Okay,
good. Choose a time.
Oh, don't say that.
Cicero, you're still alive.
No harm done. Try again.
Okay. Sat fat. And what to do now? And
doctorate.
Okay. Attention. Hostile alien access.
Thought I had a long night. You look
like hell. I don't suppose the day is
going to be any easier. I'm the way
here. Go on ahead if you have to.
Still alive. Thank you for this series.
I fear that all our friends are tell you
want me to use the scanner. I'm not sure
how. Why do you not hear?
You will leave some here.
Sh.
Get in here quick.
Great. Run the battery on the bag and it
will reference check. Okay,
I'll just go and wait. Well, I hope this
memorial is used to protect hazardous
environments
when their power
and active
symptoms are left
behind to the welcome back to internet
health.
The policy is
activated. Trigger Control is enabled.
If you let us all die, Freeman, you'll
never get out of here.
Look,
the dark age has been found.
Cicero. Oh, you're here. We do not send
samples to the testing room.
H I hope to see you.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
That's enough. That's enough.
Ye. Okay.
If not, well, I give you a chance to
fight.
more frustration.
Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. This
is what
you deeply unserious tell you because of
Yes. We got caught. Let's kill it now.
This is not
What do you have to say? Taz Air Phaser
model.
The issue. Welcome to participate in the
Black Vanger Mesa course. He is now Can
you let me in? Sounds amazing.
System.
Can you let me in? Welcome to the Black
Mesa target group. Here you will use the
setting for pump shutdown recapture.
There are few penalties. Take your
equipment and go to the fire
department. Can I help me? Okay.
What?
Like relax.
maintain00 rise up. They work on the big
stuff, too.
Okay. Illegal access.
Okay. What's all this then?
You want to do something about that?
Seem fair.
I
hate back. Sniper got me. I hate stay
back. Stay back.
I will hit. Stay back. Sniper got me.
No, it didn't. You're being dramatic. I
hit. Stay
back. Sniper got me.
Stay back. Sniper got me. I think it's
practiced.
Holy [__] You're crazy.
Go to Okay.
Cisero. Oh, you're here. We did not send
samples to the testing room. In a
deception, he was discovered and he
succeeded. The administrator is
concerned that the king aims to indicate
that the sample is analyzed. I imagine
what happened to achieve.
Let me let me in. Those who do not live
on the medical board test
room. Can you let me in? I
I
CBC. We want
So [__] dramatic.
Access permitted.
It may be
Really? Do you shoot? Don't worry, it's
a doctor.
Don't worry, it's a doctor. He is a
trained
professional of all my old problem.
As I am of all my old pieces.
Transportation control reports all
system on time.
Hey, yes, I will save you, but I will
warn you anyway. Is under military
control.
The
peace detention
experimental go
to do you? Huh? What are you doing in
this controversy?
I'm just here. Contributions to the
Lauram Medical System.
I hope you know I'm
Don't say that. Please don't say that.
Take friends to another room. This helps
you get back to the conversion mode. You
have to go to the police officer and
press the user button. It will follow
you until you are 6 years old in front
and then press the button again.
What away.
I think the place is great.
Forget the area.
Shoot the rocket into its up to the
purity of
platinum.
Write down your voice.
Welcome to participate in the Black
Danger Maker.
What's going on?
Finally, I
found me.
Yeah.
Oh,
hi to
black safety and comfort of black.
Hi. Very personal in his hand.
What are
you? Get out. Get Get out.
What?
What? Can you get out?
Okay, when I uh I finished the head for
the unicorn, first of all, really
[__] pretty, right? But um Jesus
Christ, that that transformation is kind
of evil on the MGX. What do you mean?
the uh it's just kind of scary cuz the
the the LED ribbon in the head you kind
of have to like cuz like you fold you
fold the unicorn's face inside so the
destroy
mode and it pushes against the wire and
it's kind of scary. It's body horror.
Well, just like in the way that like
that LED I don't it it might break from
that. Oh, but it's probably fine. So,
it's real life body horror then.
Because that's real.
I got it. Lightning. I got
my lightning.
Welcome to participate in the Black
Danger Maple Course. He's now convinced
that
you Mark 4 immune
system stupid.
The administrator is
concerned of God. You're here. I imagine
years.
Danger. I had to do this.
This is not a book. Both of the
maintenance
area. I think
uh
I can't wait to go back.
They brought me back to living your
internet again. Yeah, it just I it just
sucks at this house and
um it probably needs to be fixed. Well,
it does, but it hasn't. Other things are
happen. I sent a photo of the freak in
in pilgrim room. Oh, yeah.
Hold on.
I haven't painted the uh the horn yet
cuz Well, I haven't put a sticker on the
horn cuz I'm going to paint it. Is Oh,
it's it's
huge. It's huge head.
It's so wondrous, Baba. Even it's got
antlers.
It's kind.
Everyone wants to see their freak. They
see
help. You got
this. Imagining it so hard right now.
Thanks, Zinc Cube. It's the It's the
famous
It just has uh just has
antlers like even I need to I need to uh
not
Cass says, "Dude, I love the Skippy
toilet game." Not that
that's happening. Is that uh for for
chat, by the way, that's the MGEX
Unicorn. It has LEDs in it even though
it's 1/100th scale. So, it's like
relatively small, but has LEDs
throughout its entire body, which is
impressive. The le engineering actually
very it's a big improvement over the
original MG in terms of stability. The
problem is the LEDs are quite fragile,
so you have to be really careful. And it
has a little bit and and despite the
fact that it's more stable than the
original, it limits the pososeability a
little because the you don't want to
break the LEDs because they're a ribbon
cable instead of a wire. I'm not I get
why they did that for like fitting it
inside, but it's kind of evil of them.
Still really cool. Like the more I build
it, I'm just like
I think our internet died again.
We won't
be hostile.
Combat shotgun ammunition acquired.
Warning. HV power level below to draw.
That's That's garn
X
lightning. What?
Friday to draw egg lightning.
Don't want to see your laboratory.
Wow. Come
back. It's [__] love.
Um, one annoying thing about the
unicorn, and this is just the problem
with the unicorn's like actual just
general design. Nothing that can be done
to fix this in a model kit. It's really
[__] annoying to clear coat it badge
cuz you can't gloss clear coat won't
affect the psycho frame like the clear
parts, but matte or semi gloss will. And
that's what most people and me generally
finish uh with like the second layer of
top coat.
So you have to take all the armor off
and
nothing and stay
focused.
Control team second immediate legendary.
No no I
don't shoot the
rocket to the purity of
Stop. Stop.
Hello. Go ahead.
Stop is used to
protect your access.
We were only studying.
It looks like a
Hey,
Dude, it really hates me. What the hell?
Yeah, this wasn't How is this happening
earlier this this
badly? I'm not like actually sure what's
causing it. I I mean I have to assume
it's the actual provider because
well I was thinking it could be like the
electricity like turning it off right
and it just going back on a little bit
but I mean no breakers flip and nothing
else stops working so it's not
electricity.
I don't know. Uh we'll get this fixed
obviously,
but there's currently just many other
things happening that have taken
priority.
I don't know how much you heard about me
complaining about top coating unicorn
guns.
I don't
know many of the words you you've been
saying anywhere.
No, I get that.
Um, top coating is just like spraying on
a clear coat onto a model kit. Um, it
can be done for protection or just cuz
you want a different look. Like you can
do a gloss clear to make it look like
shiny and stuff. Or if you put on
stickers, you can top coat it to make
the stickers like have like a protective
layer and it makes them stay better and
stuff. Oh, that makes sense. Um,
specifically for panel lining. And panel
lining is just taking a little like
black pen or like enamel paint and
basically letting it flow into the
cracks in like the armor and stuff and
it like makes the panel lines of the
armor stand out. Um,
what is high? Specifically for enamel uh
panel lining, you have to do a top coat
before you panel line because enamel can
damage the
plastic.
Um, and so that's fine with a gloss coat
cuz you want to do a gloss coat smooth.
You want to do a gloss coat then panel
line stickers and then you can do
whatever finish you want. I generally go
for semi like gloss or matte
um like satinish like gloss.
The problem with that is on clear parts
is gloss won't affect clear parts, but
anything that is not like pure loss
will and it'll make them less clear.
Um, and so in the unicorn gun though,
which is absolutely abundant, just so
full of clear
parts, if you want to top coat it, just
to pan and sticker it, which I'm going
to do, you have to take off all the
armor pieces. Or you can do it before
you put it together. But I I just want
to build it normally and then take it
apart, which is annoying in some parts.
But don't be afraid. So
hot. But it it's kind of evil. Um, and
it will be suffering. Maybe I'll just do
the Maybe I'll just build a narrative
and panel line it before I do the
unicorn just to not suffer.
But, you know, it's got to be so okay.
Even asked if it's worse than painting
Warhammer figurines.
Oh. Um, is it worse than Wait, is it as
bad as painting Warhammer? It
depends. It depends. Um, I mean it can
be worse than painting Warhammer, but it
can also be I mean it's the same as
painting any model kit. It depends on
your skill level. Like if you want to
paint it really complicated and
stuff. Is it worse? Not it might be
better. I think it's better because on
dungeons there's better part separation
and they're generally a bit bigger than
Warhammer minis. That's the price
better. [__] workshop.
Um, but so I I would say it's probably
better just because there's better part
separation. You can take things apart if
you need to. Um, they're larger little
the plastic's better just in general
than like the resin for uh Warhammer
minis.
How detailed you can get. It's about the
same. I mean, he can he as
many panel lining and top coating is way
easier than painting a Warhammer either
cuz like panel lining that's like super
easy. It just flows into the cracks for
you and top that it's clear. You just
spray it on
everywhere. God, they [__] love
stickers though. Bandai loves adding all
the stickers ever forever. You don't
have to add all them. They're like these
aesthetic ones, like detailed ones, but
they're fun to add. So cute. They look
good. Sorry, I just had to progress at
least long enough so I can get to my
favorite sign in the entire game.
The most important security guard is
located in San Francisco private
competition. I don't know if you knew
this. Okay, that's enough of this. This
has been chaotic for my ears. The most
important security guard is located in
San Francisco.
I will say after building the face for
the MG EX I compared to the original MG
the
head down so it's good enough that like
whatever just happened just killed my
Discord.
Hm. Something just happened. I killed my
Discord for like two seconds. Oh, evil.
By the way, remember this pack has
spoilers, so don't
uh it'll be fine. It's only I know how
to
Yeah, I know how to avoid them. It's
just the paintings and music discs. So
yeah,
I don't think the paintings are that bad
either. That's true. It's just uh I
think it's just the it's Dex. It's the
It's the angel one and I think there's
another one,
right? I don't know. Is there another
one? Go find my grues. I'll find your
grues. I mean, we do have
um anyone who was here last stream when
we were doing Minecraft, we're starting
out pretty small. All so much has
happened since that stream. So, I might
just try and go through and go through
some Oh, true, true. If anyone
remembers, we we' explored about this
area. This is how much I have explored
now. Yeah, there's a lot more now.
Um, and here are all the markers we
have.
So, we have a few we have a few things.
Purely [__] gangster island. What?
Don't worry about that. Um, I'm so
worried. We could start with I haven't
really been focusing on my house. I've
been doing everything but my house. I
built like a temporary like
structure here. Treehouse. Your house is
really kind. I like your house. The
inside is like good swag.
And uh I was I was waiting for stream to
do this. You added another room. Oh,
pit.
Oh, mean to them. Yeah.
I'm finally over it.
Wait, where are the
others? What did Bean do?
What did Bean
do? Where are they?
Where are
what? All the chickens.
I ate them.
No, clearly not.
Why would the stream be AI generated?
It's cuz of all the brain rot. It just
makes it sound like
it. Why? What the What the [__] are
you? What do they mean?
Who would AI generate a
stream? I'm I'm actually really curious
what the [__] they mean now.
That's what an AI would
say. Oh, well, sometimes I'm a robot, so
maybe I'm an AI,
but as far as I know, uh, this little
idiot over over here is a [__] pony.
So, is this stream violet generated?
No,
actually there are people who do AI
generated streams. I think I think
they're generally not like this.
Who would do that though is my question.
Well, it I I think the better question
actually is who watches it cuz clearly
they're doing it for profit, right? But
like who's watching it that gives them
profit?
Yeah,
but this is fully 100% World of Warcraft
private server content right
here. Other bots. Oh, it's just bots
watching bots. And wow, the money. I
I've begun to believe dead internet
theory. I've been seeing random bot
comments just made for like the purpose
of it's not even like a theory anymore.
Like in some spaces it just is true.
Like
I've seen people design bots that are
made just to like say something about
the video. It's not to promote anything.
It's not to scam anything. It's just to
interact with the video and say
something to it. Mhm.
There's like entire like spaces and
groups on like
Facebook and like Instagram and stuff
where it's just like 90% bots and it's
like what's the point of
this? Where are all these chickens?
Dead Ronut theory is actually called
328. Wait, that's a banger quote.
What the [__] is happening? The chickens
are gone, Gwen.
They're clearly not [__] They do.
The
only just just go look at you can ignore
the chickens in the
walls. Oh, there they are.
[__] I know Bean did this.
Who lost my [__]
bee? Of course it was Bean.
What?
Oh,
what? It's really chicken.
Why do you have Why do you have a
picture of Pin? Why does everyone have a
[__] picture of Pin in their houses?
There's something really good that you
can look at later.
I I know the room.
Are you talking about the room? I'm
talking about the room. I can go. I'm
going to show everyone the room. I just
need to figure out the [__] chicken
problem. You know, that's one that's
where one of the hidden grues is. Or
right before Oh, I know. Oh, I know
where one of the hidden grues is.
I like know where one of the hidden
grues is. I know because I found it and
I didn't want to.
You're so chuffed with yourself.
I am. I really am chuffed with myself.
Okay, let's So, what on earth is a
goose? Oh, you're about to find out,
Zinc. Yeah, that's this is like the
extent of my house right now. This This
wasn't meant to be like an actual house.
This is meant to just be like where I
could start and then I'll build an
actual house. Wait, Butters is smart.
You were probably supposed to open the
trap door and have those spill out.
That's what I was thinking too was like
that's why cuz all my trap doors here
are oak and that one was was a was dark
oak or whatever. I wanted it to be a
silly surprise, but I ended up just not
understanding it.
You know, this happens. I have to Okay,
so obviously when you're invisible in I
was going to say Fortnite. When you're
invisible in Minecraft, it hides your
name tag and stuff. What I didn't
realize is that it hides your name tag
from the map as well. Yeah, it does.
When you when you're crouching, too.
Actually, it hides you it hides your
icon on the map.
Um I was I ran out very far into the
dark oak forest that we have nearby and
I was looking around at stuff and I
suddenly got hit right as I was staring
at down a cliff. It was like, "What the
[__] is the timing of that?" Um, and I
asked in call, "Hey, did anyone just see
that? I just got punched off a cliff. I
didn't see I didn't hear a zombie or a
creeper or anything." And everyone was
just like, "Nope, no idea what you're
talking about." I even was screen
sharing. And Bean was like, "Oh, maybe
it was a
skeleton." And then today I've I saw
Bean's like invisibility particles. I
was like, "Bean, was it you yesterday
who [__] punched me off a clip?" And
she's like, "Yes,
she's really evil."
But it's the it's not the fact that she
punched me. It's the fact that she
followed me all the way out there
because I had no idea she was doing
that. What was even scarier to chat?
Well, I was I was doing this exploration
over here is 8,000 blocks away. You must
know. I was around over here.
No, I was Yeah, I
was I was like over
hereish, 6,000 blocks away from spawn
and I was at a village and I just
happened to run into Bean. I was like,
how how did that happen? Have you seen
Have you Have you seen Bean's map?
Bean's map is like filled in like of
that area, that whole island. Well,
yeah, but the thing is is that out of
all the areas I was in, why would she
have been there? And she said she had
been watching my screen share,
calculating my my um my coordinates, and
following me through the Nether. That's
really good. She's terrifying. That she
is kind of terrified.
I I even more terrifying once we show
her contraptions. I feel like Bean would
thrive on 2b2t.
Um, that might be I feel like that's
where she learned everything if we're
being realistic. Maybe she has honestly
like played it. I don't know. Anyway, so
this is this is Killigan's Islands. Um,
this is basically the only area that's
like mine right now is just all this
stuff. So everything else is everyone
else's stuff.
Um, importantly, this is a central area.
We already have a beacon. We have this
monstrosity of a pit
here. Everyone's done such a good job
decorating this area. It looks so great.
I love Dishy's crafting table trees and
towers. Oh, wait. Look at the bridge in
Baddy's uh Baddy's like wheat farm. It
looks nice. Yeah, this this bridge is
[__] awesome. I don't know how to
build anything like this. I built this
bridge. It's really nice. I I [__] with
it. It's kind of even.
And then there's the these over here.
And then this is Oh, there's Rosco. Oh,
[__]
Okay. Everyone wanted to know everyone
wanted to know what Gru was.
It's not even one of the hidden ones. I
just put that there and I was like,
"Patty, you can destroy that." I was
like, "No, I'm going to keep it."
So, this is Gross. Hey. Hey, look at the
wall. Yeah, just just really stare at
that. Just
really There's nothing suspicious about
it. Uh-huh. Wait, did they [__] wall
it
off? Oh, there we go. You just jumped
back.
This is Gru. This is Gru. I'm glad you
guys could all meet
him. You know, he usually has a play
button nose, but not
today. I'm going to go to the the good
room in the community center. Also, this
tree you built is like so [__]
fire. So, down here we have our Nether
portal. There's the hidden Guru. But
Gurus hides a secret.
I love that it's just all crying
obsidian for no reason.
my
contribution. He is dead again. Internet
moment. Here's our rona p. What is pin
doing there?
Anyway, that's our donut tree. Um, by
the way, this is Saturn's sword gunblade
thing. Forgive us, Pilford, for Pilford.
Give us this daily swag and for forgive
our and lead not to rate your music.
Founded by Joseph of Pilfordia in zero
PC
pilord.
Um you whoever everyone's saying that
this this world is create is chaotic.
You guys are going to have to see
Dishy's house because
it's by far.
Hello.
I died and I'm back. I was I was about
to say everyone calling our world
chaotic is has not seen Dishi's house
yet.
I have I seen Dishy's house yet? I
honestly don't even know if you would
know if you've seen Dishi's house
because it's maybe the best thing I've
ever seen in this entire game.
Okay, let's but let's let's let's keep
starting it slow. Here is our forever
burning water zombie drowned thing. Oh,
wait. There's our [__] No, no. The
more important thing is the water
mushroom.
It's the famous. Nobody will tell me
what the point of this was. The point of
it's like the [__] you know, the water
park water mushrooms.
I guess it's just that we just made it
because of that.
Okay. And we just like one blood.
Anyway, that's the water mushroom. It's
the water mushroom. Here's Dex's like
treehouse kingdom thing. Is the castle
Dex's this? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I was I
was I was curious. I just didn't know. I
think this is all it was doing with it.
Which, to be fair, a lot of old like
castle bastion towers do actually look
like this.
Yeah. This is totally fair. But then
Dex's actual
Oh, I forgot I put that there.
actually whole home is I don't know why
I did either. This treehouse is very
nice. Like everyone's I' I've just been
exploring and getting resources. Like I
haven't been building anything. I've
been mostly exploring. I've only built
like a couple things. I don't have a
house yet. My house is still under that
crafting table tree with with vinyl.
We just have Dex's pathetic dog that
keeps whining and being a little [__]
every day. What the [__] Mean to it.
No, that's what Dex said. Oh, okay. Like
we're in Agriasin.
Agreasin.
Is Is that from Pin? Does Pin just leave
a picture? I don't know.
Shut up. You're not even doing anything.
Relax.
Nope. I tried. You tried.
Uh, this is what Chad's doing over here.
I don't quite know what it's going to be
yet, but it looks It's 328. It's
literally It's just 328 Phil.
I don't know what it's going to be
either. I don't
know. Wait, is that Chrissy art?
Where Bunny? Bunny B just said that. I
think they're talking about pen. Oh,
yeah, it is.
Yeah, there's just this [__] pit here
for some reason. I have no idea why.
It's a sewer. You guys leave so many
[__] random pits everywhere. They're
great for hiding grues.
What on earth is that in your hand? Oh,
that's the uh gunblade infamously used
to stab 328. It's true.
Pressure weapon. Show them. Show them
the
wondrous. There's third person, but
okay. Oh, wait. That's right.
Stares at you like
this. Bruce has a secret.
What do you mean by that, Rumstone? What
do you
mean? How many mods did you install? We
have like six or something. It's not
that many. They're all They're They're
all um They're all client side, too.
None of them are servers. Server. That's
That's what makes them so like
good. The only one that's technically
client side is the data pack that we're
using for Tree Feller. Mhm.
Um, I just it just dawned on me I have
to show everyone Vosco and I'm not sure
how to feel about that. Look, Vosco is
we added capitalism to Pillcraft. We
added capitalism to Pillcraft,
unfortunately. And by we, I specifically
mean it's all almost every single time
if something is like insane and stupid,
it's going to be Bean's fault. Yeah.
Insane and stupid in like a incredible
way, but also just going to go. I'm not.
I'm going to get my my
thing. I have to get my roco pass.
Oh, you have a f I haven't I never I
haven't bought a membership pass yet,
actually. So, I bought a membership pass
as you can
see cuz you need a membership pass to
get into the premium zone of Rosco. I
just I just I just build up there with
dirt every single time. I don't even buy
anything. I just stare at it. So, you're
stealing from a from a in a business, a
small business. I'm not even stealing. I
don't even steal anything. I just
[__] go up there and stare at things.
I don't think I even I've even taken
anything from Rosco yet. Yeah, I don't
think there's nothing there I like need.
No, it's it's it's it's like Costco zinc
but for Rose. Yeah. Whoa. What? That
that house over there is new. That's
Patetta. Espata. Oh, that's okay. That's
Anyway, this is Rosco.
I see like I
we could just But is that's just the one
from the villager. You can just get that
for like free cuz we have infinite
emeralds forever. Yeah, cuz we have a
million. Oh, I have to show them the
orphan crusher. Nobody asked questions,
by the way.
Like, don't worry about the fact that I
just said we're going to show you the
orphan crusher. Anyway, you put the pass
in here, then it launches you into the
premium
zone. The
employee I first I personally like the
painting. That was my contribution. I
put it up here and it's not been
removed. So, I guess they like it.
fans. Stoned fans.
Someone said the orphan crusher is
morally good.
Like Bean is just like supplying
everyone with everything in the server
for whatever reason. True.
And already I've I haven't taken
anything from Rosco even even still. Oh,
this is really kind.
Why does everyone just have so many
chickens?
Probably because of
Bean. Maybe.
Oh, yeah. Betata has so many animals.
That's just the baddy way. Just the
baddy way.
Software goes, "Do you believe in
me? Uh, do you know if there is records
at the at the at the like club?" Yes,
there is. Okay.
That's where I think we have one of I
think we have at least one of every
single music that we have
there cuz they stole they stole my Hex
Wonka to put
there or Wonka XL whichever way it is on
the [__] it's Wonka XL starts with W
Wonka. I'll see it's in my disc
collection as
well. I
have not in here. You're broke. I have
five. Bear witness to the lotuses paint
bucket and honeymoon phase.
Wow.
We'll go see what they have at the club
at
the
Here's the
club. Everything lights up. So nice.
So, I can't play all of these cuz
spoilers, but we do have like
a What are we What are we playing,
guys? Why are you jumping like it's a
movement shooter? Because I'm used to
it. Cuz I'm used to playing movement
shooters.
We're playing Magic
Fish.
Wait. Was confused for a second cuz that
was a sorceress cover.
Come on. See what you
got.
Oh, wait. Dishy, can you get online? I
wanted to show everyone your house, but
I haven't yet.
Oh, now wait a minute. I think I'm
tripping. Last night you said that you
were in it. Next moment you're taking
two steps back up by you're not a
black say you're a [__] coming
out the word didn't know I had to earn
my cutie mark I'm so damn sorry from the
bottom of my heart and I'm a magic [__]
you don't get to
say just move out the [__] way
last night you were dreaming but
today I'm a magic [__] you're the one
to
blame [__] off what 20 seconds. Suddenly
you're asking me to
stay tipping that tea. I got the world
spinning around me. I'm at G. You think
I got time for your sap. [__] I got a
[__] crown and a PhD. So stop messing
over this [__] Your ass down.
Do we get a spoiler? Let's go. M3
Productions presents a Lucario Pictures
original movie.
Hardcore Search and Destroy.
My
spoiler. Oh, wait. I can't I could do
they could do the other spoiler, too.
Nice.
Welcome back. I did two second spoilers.
Wow. Two second spoilers even. Which
song? Uh, won't get hell and worst rave
ever. Yish. I think I'm trying to finish
Worst Rave Ever next cuz that one I
could probably finish in like the next
like day or two.
Yipp. Probably just day. I mean, the
song's almost done. I mean, yeah, it's
honestly, it's pretty close. I feel it
needs like a another verse chorus thing,
and I think I was going to do like a
beat switch on the final chorus or
something.
I'm waiting for addition to get online
because we're going to show the house.
Remember chat, if you give Violet money
on Patreon, you can stare at these
demos.
We're not advertising my Patreon on
here. No, no. You got to advertise your
Patreon every 10 seconds. Remember
that's true. I guess or something. We
have to maximize short-term profits for
the Violet Pony Corporation.
I'm very very well known for maximizing
short-term profits. This is true. This
is true. You always do this every single
day. It's all like, "Guys, give me
money. Give me money." Every like five
minutes on stream, I remind everyone to
visit the Patreon. Oh, it's Dishy. Okay,
Dishy. I'm I'm heading to Babscon so I
can heading to Babscon. Where What
direction is
Babscon? Swamp versus Lily Moon
Swamp. I think Babscon
was Hello.
How about the disher?
It's a dish, bro.
They made dishes real even.
I'm on my way.
I'm on my way. You know. Mhm. You guys
are in a crisis. I'm only I'm on my way.
There's another portal up there. Bean
loves to build nether portals. Bean
[__] loves Nether travel.
It is. It is efficient. It is efficient.
I just don't like going.
The Nether is just well, first of all,
it creates gaps in the map and you don't
the the overworld's pretty and there's
cool things there and the Nether just
kind of sucks.
The Nether has black stone. I like the
Blackstone. The Blackstone's good. I
It's one of my favorite things they
added to Minecraft is the Blackstone is
like very very like desperately needed
dark colored like brick stuff. Yeah,
it's they they've been doing lots more
variety like within blocks and stuff.
It's honestly nice. Yeah, good for
gradients and building stuff. Like when
you explore the overworld, you can see
like cool mountains and [__] It's like,
god damn, that's a [__] cool ass
mountain, right? They Yeah, caves and
cliffs update really like they've got
such insane world generation. I'm I'm
trying to like remember Minecraft like
precaves and cliffs and I like can't cuz
it just like sucks.
My memories of Minecraft sort of cut off
around the ocean update.
I really just don't remember anything
before that. That's fair. Yeah. Yeah.
Dude, the cave I don't even I don't even
know what the ocean was like in
Minecraft before that. Like, what do
they even do with it? [__] nothing.
It was just this [__] sand and gravel
and water. It was
nothing. Now there's coral and [__]
ocean. It's all pool [__] Like, that's
my two favorite things to find in a new
world is uh a bad biome and a coral
reef. And we found both of those. We
have. Wait, we're not going to snow.
We're going to Babscom. The the the the
caves up toate like the caves and
cliffs. Like caves, dude, now are like
absurdly good. Like I can't I can't
stand like Minecraft nostalgia bait cuz
it's just like so dumb as hell.
Like it's like it's like guys remember
when Minecraft was so simple? Look at
how like look at how the graphics are
and like the old textures. Like dude, it
just like they don't miss old Minecraft.
They miss being a child.
Yeah, like it's just genuinely worse.
Like it's so much better now.
Also, Clara, I I still have screenshots
and like video of like the two servers
we had in like
2019. Uh, and I still think about that
[__] like amplified looking savannah
biome that we were in. It was like so
cool.
We still have all the maps. Oh my god.
Wait, uh are the empty maps or with the
stuff that we built, too? Cuz I would
love to revisit those.
I'll pull the screenshots in a bit.
We're arriving in Dishi's world.
I haven't been over here yet.
I'm so excited and terrified even cuz
it's Dishy.
That's That's what's so exciting. Oh,
already once once we arrive at Dishy's
home, we're immediately greeted with a
lot of really really good things. Dish
Dishy loves placing things even.
Uh Dishy, could you come on out so you
could give me the tour?
I have to figure out how to even get
down. How do you get Oh, there we go.
I never really figured out getting down
into this cavern, but it's okay because
I never leave anyway. You lived out you
live like this? Yeah. Okay. Here's a
question. Are any of these spruce trees
meant to be growing?
Yeah, I
was also thinking that. I mean, it's
okay if they don't. It's a nice
decoration. No, they do grow. They grow
a lot. Okay. Yeah, they look like
they're growing. I'm growing.
handle systems like hunger and
enchanting. What's wrong with the hunger
system?
So, here's
Yeah. I
This is my dog. Yeah. What did they have
names? No. Okay.
Dogs. Wait. Oh, I need to look at your
horse. Is that okay? Can I look at your
horse? That's okay. Okay, I'm going to
look at your horse.
That's him. Wait, that's him.
This is the horse.
Oh, he's very aggressive. Yeah, he got
mad at me.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
Um, okay. Uh, dishy. What the [__] It's
really good. Okay. Oh, these
are these are
They're not blocks, but they don't
really work. Mhm.
Are you up or you're down?
These are all all all note blocks. It's
really good. Digi, what the [__] And
all crafting. What? Oh, sorry. Hold on.
I'm coming up. Hold
on. Hold on. Hold on. I just have to
just have to, you know.
Okay. And then And then Yeah. Where I
keep my furnaces.
Oh, this is This is so
cozy. Like, it's probably like really
warm in here. It's too warm in here, but
it is really
cozy. It's like probably my favorite
thing I've ever seen in this game. Oh,
should I wait?
This is um this is my I'm stuck here.
Yeah. Um can I can I open the Okay.
Okay. Yeah.
Do you have like swim fast potion just
to do this? Uh yeah.
Wait, I can't I
can't I'm unable to uh there's no trap
door for me here.
Okay. So, what you do is you use the
trap door and then you use the other
door so that there's a block above your
head.
No. No. But yeah. Wait. So, so like
this. That like this? Oh. Oh, that's so
smart.
Wait, what is this made out of?
Like I need to That's coal. This is my
coal tunnel. This is
really Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. The coal
tunnel.
Yeah. Must have forgotten about the coal
Wait, am I Wait, am I Wait, I went down.
I went down. Hold on. I have to I have
to go up. I accidentally entered your
other house.
Yeah, I have many. Uh there. And then
there. And then up. I'm up from there.
I'm one up from there. [__]
I'm going to cry.
This is This is such a process.
Okay. What am I doing? Okay. No.
Okay. Good. Okay. There you go. Okay.
So, you're one layer. Okay. You're one
up. So, we go we go this, right? And
then And then I say this. No, I don't.
No. Wait. How do you And then what the
[__] And then Oh, wait. No. And now I
No, I know. And then you do this. And
then wait. You dare. Ah. Yeah. H Yeah,
that's right. Wait. I I have the right
idea. I just can't do it.
This is actually terrifying. To start
doing this. Dishy. How do you live like
this? And then do the other trap door
that's above it.
No.
There we go.
Discord dimensioning got [__] on dishy
tunnels. No, legitimately.
You're swimming so
fast. I'm so slow swimmer. I think
there's extra swift sneak somewhere if
you need it. Is it swift sneak? Yeah,
it's really cool. Oh, I thought it was
like a swim faster potion.
Zinc cube says, "Dishy, can you write a
thesis on this or something?" Uh, yeah,
I could do that. I have my reasons for
everything I do. It's okay. Okay. I
mean, this is fun. It's really
beautiful, honestly. It's so nice.
Oh, okay.
Oh, okay. I don't know if there's
anything over here.
I don't remember building this part.
That's okay. It's all sort of just like
part of the like the beauty of it is you
get to decide that you built this. Oh.
Oh, I get it now. Oh, I know this. I
know this. Okay, this is like your So,
we all know this character, right? So,
we all know this. You'll know this
character, right?
Wait, did you go up? Did you Wait, did
you go I I went down. They go to the
same place, I think. Right. Yeah.
Okay, I'm getting the hang of this.
And then and then and then I say one
layer up is my bedroom, but this is my
other bedroom.
Oh, why is your other bedroom [__]
Oh. Oh, the massive cave.
Oh.
Um I don't know how to do that. So I'm
just going to There's water. Yeah, just
do
this. Still took damage.
That's a Nether portal with two crafting
tables as a part of the build. Where are
you? Where did you go?
I see your Hello.
Where did you come from just then? I
thought you went down.
Okay, my other other house is uh deep in
the depths, but it's okay. I know for
everyone in chat, by the way, Dishy is
the reason that there's giant crafting
table pillars at spawn is because the
the spruce trees had crafting table
stairways built into them. And then we
cut down the trees and so it's just the
crafting tables now. And the big the big
spruce tree has crafting tables in it,
too. Dishy, your other house is really
dangerous. Tishi, there's nothing.
Tishi, why do you live here?
I like it. Um, and I Are the property
values good considering the giant
[__] monster that tries to kill you
every single day? No, I took all of
those. Oh,
okay. You took them. You could almost
say you No, you you're okay.
I actually haven't seen this part, so
I'm really excited to see this.
It should be completely safe, I think.
If it isn't, I think that's just part of
the experience. If it isn't, you have to
kill a warden to go sleep.
What is this made of? Uh, that's the
fungus. Oh, yes. I forgot. Oh, the
fungus. I forgot about that. All right.
Even game,
bro. She's roommate is kind of scary.
Oh.
always pays the rent on time. Usually it
seems to be like dam usually they seem
to pay in like gold, but it's like you
know like the damaged gold chest plates,
you know. Wonder where they get all
those how I don't think I know where I'm
going. That's okay. I'm just following
you.
This is That's just wool. This is my
dog. Okay. Not a dog that has a dog.
Imagine if Dishy just logged out.
Suddenly you had no ability to get out.
That's terrible.
Oh, there's always a pick. There's
always a pickaxe. I mean,
but it would be funny. Imagine doing
that in [__] uh uh adventure mode or
whatever it's [__] called. The thing
that everyone plays all the days trust.
Oh. Oh, right. Mhm. Your house.
Yeah.
Is this the one that's next to the Is
this the one that's next to the uh the
[__] uh Why can't I remember the the
[__] ender portal place? Why did I
forget the name? Am I smart?
Is this a different ancient city or like
is the one that's over there? This is
not an ancient city. This is house.
Different one. Wow. This is This is
Bab's car. This is Bab's
gone. This actually happened while we
were there.
Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Sure.
There's still a lot of skullkers. Are
you sure this is safe? Uh,
well, I don't know if I even looted this
whole place.
It's It's your house. Why would you loot
it?
Because I like to keep all of my items
in the spider room. I
say the spider room is the most
accessible part of my house.
Oh, if you kill me here, you'll get more
XP because of these boxes.
What?
They create the
skullk. The boxes. They create the
skullk out of bodies.
The bones are their money and the so are
their
worms. Oh,
right. I think the the good the
advantage of building everything you
ever do out of crafting tables means
like if you need to build something
else, it's
like it's always there. If I ever decide
to. Yeah.
Well, you can build more crafting tables
with it. Yeah, for sure.
Wait, here you go. Oh, right. This is a
present from me. Thank you. I can
contribute. That's six. That's a stack
of crafting tables that I just got.
Thank
you. That is like 10 trees of crafting
tables. It's only like uh four trees.
That was like four trees of crafting
tables.
I know the way here very well, but I
think I will get lost on the way out.
That's
okay. It's a part of the It's not the
destination. It's the crafting tape
journey.
Yeah.
Wait, are we going up here or No. Okay,
we're not going up here. Okay, actually
we are going up here. Okay, we're going
up here. I haven't been here. But this
is my house, so like
Okay. Do you like your house? I do. I
don't remember building this room,
though. You did, which is
okay. You don't. It's more
you. You built it.
There's Do you want these? You can have
them. This in your house though. Yeah.
Okay. Thank you.
Oh, there's these ones,
too. It's okay. You can have the
diamonds. Okay.
They're probably not as valuable to you
considering they
don't build crafting tables.
Uh I mean, actually, you know what? They
do build enchanting tables. Have you
considered That's true. I do want an
enchanting table room someday.
Like a room for enchanting or a room
built out of enchanting tables? Yeah, I
was going to ask the same thing.
I feel like it'd be cool to have a lot
of enchanting tables that you could just
walk over.
Yeah, I might I might do that, too. I
just need to get all the obsidian.
The thing about diamonds is that you
kind of just like you only really need a
few and then that's enough and you don't
need to get anymore.
Yeah, they're mainly just for eating.
No. Yeah.
Yes. You're lying. I think I am not do
that any time of my life every day. I'm
really scared because I've been on half
a heart this whole time. Do you want
some of my bread? Oh, do you want some
of my diamonds? Here.
There. Thank you. Eat those.
I don't know what to
craft. Not letting me build it.
There's more diamonds over here.
I think you that you should be able to
craft the big table. Zinc, what the [__]
does this mean? What the [__] is the big
table? Oh, it's just really big. It's
the big table. It's really cool. You can
use it.
That part of my house has teeth.
Which one?
Uh uh yeah, I was above, but we don't
have to go there cuz it's kind of scary.
We could go there.
My bedroom also has teeth on it. But
that's just because I think I think
Dishy House I think dishy house should
should be a new structure that generates
naturally. I hope so. And you just have
to go through it.
Why is the water milk? It's not.
It's not even
The water icon is the milk icon.
No.
Okay. I actually removed that from mine
cuz it kept [__] me up. I was like,
"Is that water?" And I just didn't
recognize without the blue.
I think someone left something
there. This is a crafting table.
How do you become a horse? It's the M
It's It's the Mine Little Pony mod. It
makes the enemies horses and you a
horse.
Um, there's also a website, I forgot
what it's called, that has like skins
for it. It has a lot of cannon
characters. You can make your own, too.
Just search around. You'll probably find
it.
I don't know how to unbecome a horse.
I think there is a way to, but
Okay.
All right. So, I'm stuck down
here. Oh.
You know what? I'm sorry. You know what?
It's It's an adventure. All right, find
your way out, Gwen. This is the actual
challenge of today's stream. This looks
right. Find your way out without
destroying anyone. Yeah, this looks
right. No, I remember the hole. The
hole. Wait, I can do this.
I don't remember going up.
Oh, yeah. Wait, this is the way back to
the city. Wait. Yeah. Okay.
The ladder, the sand part. You don't you
don't go that way. I think
Well, where my dog is. That's their dog.
Yes, I win.
I'm doing this the dishy way.
I'm good. How are you? Scary. It is
scary. What is
the guy with purple eyes? That's your
dog.
I don't know that one. No, that's the
same building dog. That That's the same
one.
No, that's your dog.
It's like all your dog.
Dude, what if we kill people?
Um, yeah,
I think so.
Oh, would that be problematic?
Wait, do we Wait, wait, wait. So, this
is this is
back. Okay.
What if we killing people? Mhm. You
getting
it? You like waffles? Oh, I pancakes.
Oh, wait a minute. I remember this wool.
We go to here.
Oh, yeah. That's That's for me
remembering my way back. Escape Dishy
Scary House obby. This is So, I'm a fork
in the road.
Ah, an object that was Who is this?
There's dog.
We go this way.
And this
way. I don't think this is right. I
don't think I'm going the right way.
I have to do this without mining
anything.
It's true. Okay. Um, isn't this your
Where's What's What part of the house is
this?
Lava. Lava. No, but like what part of
the house is it?
Um,
that's the lava basement.
Okay.
Oh, that's the roommate. Okay.
Wait, I don't got lost.
I'm like so scared.
I remember building this park. Yes, you
do. You built all of it.
Found your
dog. Okay.
Glenn's actually going to be here
forever. No, I can
I can do
this. Oh, wait. I remember this.
Oh.
We got We've got this. I think you might
go down into the hole there. No. Behind
you.
I've not done
that.
Okay. I can't mine that. I'm not allowed
to mine anything.
I'm like so scared.
Me too. Of this world then
is all your own. This is the kingdom
that we made.
This is what they were talking about.
Wait, you were here earlier?
Wait, are you saying I'm supposed to go
down there?
Yeah, I think there's a Yeah.
No, wait. Yes. Yes. Wait, wait. A door.
What is that door about?
Okay. What do you mean? What is that
door about?
It's you put it doesn't happen
naturally.
Well, you don't know that. I know.
I like am in so big danger right now.
I'm like one danger away from the guy.
What? Wait, is there a guy?
I mean, he'll be soon if I'm not
careful.
That's scary. I didn't know there was
still guys in my
house. There was one. I think I found a
place. Look at me.
I think you exited. I think you actually
exit. Is
that's not the right way.
Diamonds are worthless at this point.
Wait, that's just
the It can't escape Dashy's house. It's
killing
itself. What do you mean? This is not
the right way. This is a giant
hallway. Where am I?
Oh, you gave me two stacks of crafting
tables, not one.
Okay, if it helps. I'm also helplessly
lost in these caverns now.
What if Dennis finds
me? What will
happen? I see your name tag.
Really? Uh-huh.
I see your name
tag. I'm literally like one strike
away. Oh, wait. I was there, I
think.
Oh.
Okay. Oh.
Does she Dennis is here?
Is here. Oh, that's D. Okay, wait. I
have to go. Chat,
that's scary. Go. I have to go. Gooby,
what if we took ponies and we took sexy?
yada yada. Um, congratulations.
Okay. Bye.
Bye. Do you not actually know how I'm
supposed to get out of here?
Who and why?
Ruby.
Hello. I'm here now. Hello.
When will it stop being around?
It stops being around if it doesn't hear
anything for 60
seconds. What do you mean? What? Is this
the warden? So, you do know Dennis is in
your house. Well, he's he was in the
house a little bit, but like
Nice. Where's Dennis?
Oh [__] I found my way back. So, I
think I can come find where you are now.
Okay, you might wait until Dennis is
done whatever this
is. It's your final scratch.
It is like not this
water. Oh, that's right. I have your
soup jeans, horsey hooves,
presumably the your diamonds and 45
ladders.
Oh, wait. I decided that ladders were
funny, too.
You didn't give me two stacks of graphic
tables. I just took yours.
Oh, yeah. I'm I'm slowly realizing every
detail.
How is it not
done? I'm mining this one
block or
two. Oh, wait. Okay. If you're actually
in the city, I know how to get out. But
you should probably like wait for the
guy to do something cuz it's about to
die. Is it
What are you What are you doing?
Uh, the dog betrayed me.
Okay.
There's a question. Why don't other mobs
spawn in an ancient city? Cuz it's so
dark.
That is a good question.
Probably because they're afraid of
Dennis. Probably because they're afraid
of Dennis.
Probably because they're afraid of
Dennis. Probably because they're afraid
of Dennis.
This is how I prove myself.
The rule is
I Oh god.
Okay. The rule is I can't mine anything.
I don't think that's the
rule. The only rule is that you have to
remember all of them.
All of what? Their rules. Yeah.
Okay.
Are you still in the city?
I'm finding my own way.
Okay. Without mining
anything or using any torches to see
what I'm doing.
It's really
scary. Uh, this is the way.
I don't think so. To be scared, to
be
frightened, to be scared to be
frightened. This is the way.
Okay, I'm at the city now. So, if you
need a tour guide back, I can do
that. That's fine,
right?
Okay. [__] [__] [__]
Oh, I think you want Okay. Wait, if you
go
uh
north, I think you'll get back to the
city cuz you're on the opposite
side. Okay, Dennis is here.
I know I was here for like two seconds,
but I have to go now.
Okay. Okay. So, uh yeah. Bye bye.
Bye.
Wait, I can do this without mining.
Okay, maybe I can't.
Okay. Uh, I think I know where you are.
your name tag anywhere. Feel like I
can't
Okay, I see your name tag. I think I'm
near the ancient city.
Oh,
Dennis. Okay. Yes. Oh, I see you on the
map. Wow.
You did it. That was really impressive.
Thank you.
I still don't know how to get out. Okay.
But it's okay. Wait. Uh I know where you
are. I know where some things
are. Middle row.
Do you want your things back or do you
want to wait until we get back?
Uh, I want my pants back. Here's your
pants. Thank you. And your hooves and
your iron pickaxe and diamonds and this
thing for saplings and uh your other
crafting
tables. I used some of them. Sorry. No,
that's good cuz like what if someone
else gets lost down here and they need
to craft a door?
Yeah.
Door skull. Okay,
that was really sad.
We couldn't escape the room.
Oh, heat.
Who's that? I'm sorry. That's my dog.
Okay.
That's your
dog in case you were
wondering. So, we all know this
character, right? We all know this
character,
right? I want to say that every time I
see like a squirrel outside. That's
good. That's really good.
I don't know if anyone knows, but like
squirrels are usually like really scared
and like sheepish and like scampering,
but Portland squirrels are like really
like like
weird. They like if you get close to
them, they don't care.
They sort of just like give you a look
and it's like that's it.
I used to get attacked by squirrels
every day.
Was that like a good thing? No, it was a
They were my like rival.
We're competing. What were you competing
for? Well, I needed to get to
school, but they kept throwing [__] at
me, which is not nice. Where would they
throw?
Uh, like nuts and acorns and stuff.
Do they have power tools?
Um, no. Cuz if I was a squirrel, I would
probably like use a power tool
for what? Like for rivalry.
Oh, okay.
Like for competent for like, you know, I
mean, think about it. If you're a
squirrel and you have a drill, it's like
Right.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay, we made it out.
I can't tell if that's true or not, but
I'm going to elect to believe you so
far.
Yeah, there's no more tunnels ahead of
us. This lava is really good.
And why? Hello. Hello, Dex. I'm in a
really good place and nothing bad has
happened.
We are we're streaming right
now.
And wait, wait,
wait. Sorry, I ran out of
fuel. Wow.
This is like a taste of Rona paradise.
True. I agree.
Oh yeah.
What?
Oh, you're you're um It's okay. So
You don't need to worry about
it. Your dog is
uh so your dog right now.
Wait, what? Your Yeah, your dog. And um
your
dog just uh I don't know if you're
aware.
Okay.
You have a mine shaft in your house.
Yeah.
Have you I'm too scared of it, so don't
go down there.
Okay. Um, is that like like a Are you
No, those are yours. Nope. Nope. Those
are yours.
Is it like
um if I if is it is it like if I went
down there you would be upset or I
shouldn't go down there cuz you're
scared for my safety.
It's like I'm scared for your safety and
also or could be Dennis.
No. Oh, this guy's
me. Why is there like eight creepers
here? You built
them. Do it. Oh, sorry. Sorry. Sorry
about that.
Sorry about that. I didn't mean to.
Um,
sorry. Sorry about
that. Hold on. Sorry about that.
Okay, bro. Okay,
bro. I just had to uh There was just
some of
them.
Um, no. I'm go upstairs. I
think this is the
way. There's a more of a few more of
them up
there. Should I Do you need them?
Huh? Do you need them there? Uh, no.
It's okay. They can just do their own
thing.
Okay. One of them was galloping.
That's awesome.
It's Kenning. This This house is not a
very safe place to frolic due to you
could get stabbed by what? The teeth.
Oh, okay.
Oh,
here I am. I have two of your pickaxes.
I have two pickaxes. No. Oh, yeah. Here.
Now you do. Why would anyone need this
many?
Oh, I get it now.
I I mean, yeah.
because you built
it. What is this? What's the song?
Uh uh you
know Wait,
it's I think that's like sacred dragon,
right? Oh, is
it? Oh, it
is. It is.
Oh, okay. That's awesome.
Actually, it was awesome before, but I
didn't realize it was take a dragon
until you said
it. Can I uh use the crafting tables?
Yeah. Okay.
I think it was even I think you did it
even in the correct
key of the song.
I don't even think that I got any of the
notes right.
I mean I think
memory. Okay. Yeah, it's here.
That's really cool. And the cable
has this though is the main feature.
What? What?
What?
That's really cool for your stuff.
Aquarium. Yeah.
Okay. Thanks for the house tour. It was
so nice of you to visit. I was safe.
Yeah.
You live with that? I live with this
there. Thank you. Okay, I'm going to go
back to bed. I'm like really sick right
now.
Wait, why are you on stream if you were
you asleep? I can't sleep. I have That's
so fair. I have infection at you. But
it's okay. That's not what that means.
Yeah.
No, I I wouldn't I wouldn't have asked
if I were like trying to go to sleep.
Okay, goodbye.
Bye. Infection.
Au. I think that was the good
ending. I think without the house tour,
it it it wouldn't have had the same
effect. I
think already I'm getting attacked.
said rude. Oh. Oh, wait.
True. I was so confused. I was like, why
is the call chat so tiny? It's like cuz
this channel gets deleted and never
added constant.
Yaba.
Uh, I'm trying to think if I've shown
all of the man [__] that's happened in
the
server. I I
have I think so.
A lot of happens. A lot
happened. How long has the stream been
going? We're almost at We're at three
and a half hours.
I should probably get
off. Um, apparently Bean left me a
trapoor full of chickens, which was
nice.
Oh, wow.
Uh, I was extremely
confused. Oh, Savannah map. Yeah, let me
get to a safe spot and I'll look at the
look at the
objects. I have the urge to build
crafting tables.
Now, that's what I've come away from
this journey with
is I feel like I have to build a lot of
crafting tables.
Am I going the right way?
Yeah. Infection. A you. Dishy. Go to
bed. Go get a
sleep. Go beep
sleep. Hi
I can't sleep due to
woke. I definitionally
yes. cuz I have such bad like chronic
like hyper insomnia. Whenever I'm sick,
I basically just do not sleep till it's
over.
Don't get sick. I try not to. I don't
get sick very often, but when I do,
Okay, let me see here.
download these. How do
I This thing is just still here. How do
I load a
map? Maybe just uh Hold
on. Freaking out. How do
I That is downloading I
suppose I could go
to worlds saves. Yeah, I could just drag
this in there, I
think. Good. Is it done? No, it's still
down there.
This is going to be very
surreal.
Sh. I don't know if I remember the
faction server one, so that's probably
fine.
Uh, car. What's the difference between
old three and old 3
v2? I know I'm not really looking at
those ones,
but okay.
Um, same question.
Okay.
So let's let's
see what will this do.
Ah. Oh, that's
good. This does not look entirely
familiar.
Uh, I think this is the savannah one.
That should
be the
[__]
Was this
like I can't seem to use commands on
this. Let me You know what I'm going to
do? I'm going
to Were there were teeth off for
it? Will I have to? I'll have to
Okay, that's fine. I'll just walk all
the
way to spawn and see if I see anything
fun.
3,000 m but I should be heading
towards what is the way?
That's
increasing. Okay, we're going this way,
I
think. We'll see what there is to
see. Why did we lock survival for it?
Was it just
I
see. Uh Claraara sent me an old
Minecraft map we had
together, but there's I can't switch to
I can't switch to creative for some
reason.
This was before the cla caves and cliffs
update, I
think. Oh, no, it
wasn't. Well, no, it was No, no, no, no,
no. Yeah, it was way before.
Realistically, I should probably try and
find something to like survive,
but I don't
know. You know what? I could have just
kill me. Just kill
me. Kill me now.
I could just do this.
And then this should just send me to
world
spawn. I think we played this during the
village and pillillage
update when they revamped villagers
villages stuff.
World spawn isn't where we built, but
it'll be closer than wherever this
is. Okay, that's something
But like where would we have
built? Is there a way I can force this
to
be create uh creative mode?
cheat application probably doesn't run
on Mac and this Minecraft install is
Mac. Damn.
I'm afraid. even
know. I don't know what that version
would
be. Let me Here's what I'm going to do.
I'm going
to do this and then I'm going to
What does it what does
uh [__] All
right, then.
[__] Well, it's
trying. Okay, I'm in creative mode now.
Thank you for the
tip. So, open and land does work. So,
does
work, man. Yeah, the terrain [__]
sucked before the claves and cliffs
update. Hi, comment.
Yeah, this terrain's
so
bad. Sometimes I guess you'll get a
[__] thing like this, but there's
like no continuity
whatsoever. Anyway, uh I can give the
context now again to repeat myself just
a little bit. Uh Claraara sent me a
world file that we had a server for and
I feel like I remember these mountains
actually.
a world that we had in
2019. I'm amazed you kept the files.
Yeah, I swear to God I remember this
area. Um, but nothing uh specifically
comes to mind just
yet.
Those are torches.
Is
that What was
this? That I know what that is. But
this this was yours. I don't remember
this. Holy [__] Yeah, I do not remember
this. We The original Violet Pony
Minecraft stream started with this
server in
2019. Like this was the original
server. Seeing this here is really
crazy. The paintings are modded right
now. So it's just going to look like
that. There was the one before it that
was like but we didn't stream that one
really. This was the one where we
streamed is what I'm saying.
Okay. Well, I already know this is
paper's thing over here.
Paper. Where was it? Over
here. I just saw it. What was it? This
way, I think. Or
not. This way. Whoops. I
think. Yeah. I'm going to make sure
that I
avoid some things. Uh, but this is
Paper's [__] village
thing. Still don't quite know how Paper
was able to This is This was a survival
server, by the
way, for context. And Paper built this
in
survival, and this was really cool.
I remember accidentally starting a raid
here when that was still a function that
could
exist. Super cool. Very very
impressive. This this place was very
iconic to me.
Once we get
into Once we get into town, I'll like
double
check things. I'll put BRB mode on and
uh double check everything.
What? Okay, let me put this on and let
me investigate this area over
here. Claire, do you have an idea of
what I'd be looking for in this case?
Oh, that's right. The this thing
This was Ricky's, I
think. I
don't remember if this was like this or
if this burned down. Mailbox is mostly
okay. I'm going to turn off my screen
share briefly as well,
Dex, just cuz I'm pretty sure this
server will dead name some
people.
Um, let's see.
Oh, it's a
baddie. Okay,
wait. Oh, your [__] yacht. I
remember. Oh my god. I forgot. Oh my
god. I forgot how much this was like
developed and
stuff. Oh, wow. Wait. Okay.
Um, I did not remember where my mailbox
was. Oh, it might have been over
here. I What the [__] was this place
that I built? I'm so
confused. A lot of this wasn't
mine. Big centralized one maft. Yeah.
I found the water elevator I made. I
don't know if that's the one I'm looking
for. I don't I don't remember a lot of
this actually, believe it or
not. That is so strange to me. I would
have had to have built this, but I don't
remember it.
Anyway, we go to the big centralized
one. I like for real do not see the the
mailboxes. I'll take that and see what
happens.
Now this place I remember
uh middle on the ground by the entrance
to my place.
Oh, wait. I
think
this Sorry, my brain's so broken.
Oh, okay. I see. There we
go. Very good. Okay, the mailboxes have
been
destroyed. Good. That should be
everything, I
think. So, all right, I'll turn this
back on.
Uh
just the big the reminder that this
world we built
in we built this in
survival.
Um I don't remember how many of there
were there were but I can go to the
mailboxes and show we had a mailbox for
every person in the server. Like this
place was [__] crazy. Um, this was
like the mailboxes for everyone. So, and
it would show like
stuff. So, yeah. Okay. This was this was
our
server.
Uh, and we spent some time
here. Claire, what was this supposed to
be? Was this supposed to be a church?
Yeah, this place was
crazy. And that this was my house.
So built this water elevator
here. And I
remember I remember vaguely paper
putting a million pillager banners in
this room.
I don't know what we needed all these
smelters for. What I needed all these
smelters for,
but I built this like floating house
design
thing. This was
my inventory room. What was I doing up
here?
Guess just
this. Oh my god. Vulty will remember
this. Yeah, Clara saved the
world. The world file. It's like
actually
crazy.
Um, is Stewie Oh my god. Is Stewie still
there or did Stewie die? I don't
remember. Let's see if we can Let's see
if Stewie is there. Stewie was over
here. Oh my god,
Stewie. Oh my god, look at Stewie's
working
place. Stewie is still
here. This
rocks. Yay! Oh my god, Stewie.
I don't I don't know if anyone else in
in stream right now would remember this
server because this was six years ago.
Um then okay
theoretically is Grill and Dylan still
out in the
desert. Oh, Zombie N. Oh, it name was
Zombie Nation. That's right.
Zombie Nation, what's
good? Hello, I'm Zombie Nation. How can
I help you? That's so
nice. The uh Okay. All right. One one
thing at a time here. I remember this
godforsaken desert.
Um I don't remember what this was. Oh,
this was a wool farm, right?
This was our [__] our [__] massive
ass wool farm. Yeah, check this [__]
out.
What? What?
It was it was a wool
farm for like every color of
wool. No idea where that pillager is.
Um, but what would happen is anytimes a
It was supposed to be anytimes a a
sheep's wool would grow, it would send
shears and cut the wool
off or something. Now, what was this?
Oh, this was a fishing
farm, I think. Right. No, no, it wasn't.
That's a fish farm. What was
this? Oh, cactus.
farm. I don't remember what this
was. I guess cactus farm.
Um I don't remember
this. And also there was um deep slate
there. Deep slate wasn't didn't exist
yet. So that's interesting development.
I don't remember who this
was. Was this was Lav on the
server? Okay. Yeah, it was Lavs. I was
right.
Um, did I do [__] anything
else with this house? I don't think I
did anything else with this
house. Oh, no. I did. Never mind. I'm
smart. Hold on. Not that stuff, but
um What am I looking
for? Not this.
This was also unfinished. I did not
realize. What was I trying to do
here? Yeah, I built
this. Remember this
part? I think my interior decorating has
improved since whatever this was.
And then I don't know I I I actually
have very specific memories of carving
this space out
here. And I think that's the end of
my
house. Whose was
this? Was this Ricky's?
It was
yours. Yeah. This is crazy. This is so
funny to see these here
though. Ricky's the orange and blue. You
mean blue and orange and love?
the swimming
pool. All right, let me go see blue and
orange and
love. How do you get Oh, is it? Do we
use
this? We probably use this over
here. There was
that. Yes, this was
Ricky's. I think Ricky did not spend as
much time doing the decoration part and
spent most of it doing the redstone
stuff cuz what was this supposed to
be? Oh, this is
breeze. That would make sense. There's
cats, right?
Get
out. What?
She used so much
carpet. Okay. And then this was also
Ricky.
What? What is your problem?
Who's this?
Ow.
Hard. I feel like this must have been
Ricky's, but I don't know.
And
then Josh
maybe. Was this also yours?
I think this Yeah,
sir. I
remember this. This This is so
crazy. I love this. I like the whole
like grass
indoors situation.
Where's the
elevator?
So, who built this tunnel? Was it me? I
don't
remember. Holy [__] this is so [__]
long.
Okay, it was
still What was Cusco? I
forgot. It's been so
long. Honestly, this didn't take too
long. I think we did this on
like in like two two months
maybe. I don't remember the first
stream. I so
don't What was
Cusco? Give me a small reminder. All
right. Once you reach my
house, someone close.
Oh,
those do you remember the [__]
villager or the the wandering traitor
that was running around at Mach 20?
And presumably these belongs to
him. These are the Yeah, I actually the
video has been taken down since long
ago, but that was a video on my YouTube
channel of just the wandering traitor
running around really [__] fast.
Yes, I do
remember this. I don't remember this
whole situation. Oh, never mind. No, I
remember this. I forgot it was
here. That's
Barbara. I I really remember
this. And let's go to Bra's house
shortly.
Yaba. Oh, this was crazy. Rebecca
Barbara. So, what's all this
then? Wait, does this go into the water
or does it not? Cuz it'd be really funny
if it
doesn't. It does.
Oh, wait.
This I remember
this. What was this? Was not This is not
the This was not the correct way to the
boss's
office. Stanley knew it perfectly
well. Oh, this godforsaken strip mine.
Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my
god. This
map. Well, we got to go see it.
No, we're looking at an old world that
that Claire and I had with our lab
presumably. Okay. It's
just it's just it's just this.
It's just this. Keep in mind this was
before caves and cliffs update
when caves were [__] ass. I wonder if
we're going to go find a like a cave
from this
update. I could just I could just do
this. Oops.
Let's go find a cave from before the
caves and cliffs update cuz they just
[__]
sucked. Torch flower,
huh?
Okay. Yeah, these were the caves before
the caves and cliffs update. This is all
you got.
This was like the most exciting thing
you could find underground was just
this. And if the cave went into like a
few different directions, I was like,
"Oh, wow. That's
crazy." Like, this is so bad. This is so
bad. This is so boring.
Yep. This is it. So much to
explore. So much to look
at. So bad.
Oh yeah, this is like the best kind of
mine shaft you could
find. Oh, big narrow ravine with nothing
in it.
Yeah, there these this this style of
Man, I
forgot. I I forgot that this is like the
best thing you could find was just
this. This is so sucks,
man. Thank god for modern Minecraft.
Is there anything? Oh, yeah. Well, we
can go look at Clara's work in progress
uh yacht thing that she was building in
like in
2019.
Was this all
quartz? This was all quartz. You You
mind all this quartz? My
hoof. This was
this even in this state, this is still
something.
and this is the fishing hut, I
think. Yeah. I wonder if this still
works. Does this method still work or
has this been patched
since?
Damn. I mean, it's not too bad
because most of the loot you get from
fishing You can get easier in other ways
nowadays. [__] Bean had a mending
book
farm by like day three on the server we
just
started. This was a coverts. I
think Oh
no, this was
I just saw a big hanging object. I was
like, that's
right. And this I don't remember what
this is.
Oh, this was after the ocean update, but
like So, whose was this?
What? Who's was
this? Oh, keys. That would make a lot of
sense actually.
Damn. Was there anything else of
note that I've
missed? Underground surprise thing.
Reminds me
No, not
this. Was it this or something
else? This was the chicken
farm.
Well, maybe was going to be one.
Go to the log tunnel and find the
button. A long
tunnel. This one.
Oh, right. Okay. This is vaguely
familiar.
construction's
crazy. I honestly don't
remember. I was
like my brain has suppressed a very
significant portion of my memory from
like
before maybe the last few
years. Okay. Wait, I I swear I do not
remember
this. Oh, but this is really
crazy. I mean, this is visible from the
outside,
but yeah, this looks crazy with the
shaders. So crazily detailed, like the
pillars and
stuff. But unfortunately, I like don't
actually remember the finding part of
this. It's very difficult for me to
recall these particular details, but I
think I do remember. Were I using X-ray?
I probably
was. That makes sense.
I did used to use
X-ray. Is this anything? Hold
on. That is not
anything. There's like there's like no
reason to use X-ray anymore anyway.
They've made everything a little too
easy. Can show the previous world. Was
there anything in the previous world I
should get rid of or no?
I'll go to my house and remove some
signs like
Yeah, that's what's
crazy. Okay.
Yeah, let me switch to BRV mode again.
And then let me go turn off screen share
briefly
again. And let me go
to ship.
Oh, well this loaded
immediately.
Okay. Game game game.
Oh,
creative. I see.
Oh my god. I can't say it yet, but there
she is. Okay.
I had three
elytras. Crush J. Clark, were you on
the on the 2021 Minecraft server?
I think it was I built the Fishmonger
water tower in it.
Oh my god. Sorry, I'm
still I'll show my screen very shortly,
but I'm just remembering some things
that I had forgotten looking at this
server.
Oh my lordy
lord. Oh my god, there's epic
Markiplier.
There's Quackley. You're not named.
double checking for anything else and
I'll show my screen
again.
Uh, car. Is this by chance the the the
the Chinese
flag? Wait, wait a minute. Wait a
minute. Wait a
minute. Wait. Where?
the
the Who built who who built
that. I distinctly remember this.
Okay, I think I should be good
to should be good to
screen after this. I'll probably get him
most likely.
So, this was the an even earlier 2019
server. How did we have this
many? Little
[__] How did we have this many?
Okay.
Um, so this was a place. Oh, where's
Ricky's
thing? Yes, the chicken farm.
the chicken farm that worked half the
time and was really scary the other half
of the
time. There was going to be this rail
line. I don't think it was uh definitely
wasn't finished. But Ricky built this
bridge. I think it was Ricky built the
bridge.
This
bridge uh every now and then I'll quote
the way Josh said, "I can see my house
from here." Well, what Josh actually did
was he would stand on top of this
[__]
thing.
Everyone down there would look up and
see him and if they ever noticed him, he
would just stare down and say, "I can
see my house from
here." Oh, I was like, "Why am I
floating?" Cuz I have my elytra
on. Yeah, Josh. Josh was was made this
quite a legendary
experience. Can literally never
forget. Well, this was Stereo's house, I
think, right?
Yeah. So, what did this mean?
Okay, wait. I need to show Whose was
this? Stephen. Alpaca 1. Alpaca 2. That
You're not seductive
turtle. Whose was
this? This is just a [__] kitchen.
You're fuffy.
I forgot this
happened when Josh was like done. He
like he like [__] up his own house and
then just said
this. Do you remember the [__]
snowman thing situation that happened up
here? Do you
remember? Wait. And this is where we
would just all jump off. Do you
remember? We all just jump off of that
for no
reason. What was
this? Wasn't this a concrete thing?
Yeah, it's like a concrete
farm. Okay. Uh, this was Moon's home.
Okay.
Okay. This was Moon's
home. I don't think
Uh, what was this?
Just so many random houses with no
contin to sit and to a lie here for
splendid to to sit and to a lie here for
us
splendid. This is so kind. This was so
whose was what the [__] Whose was this?
This is so
kind to sit and to all lie here for
splincent gay [__] Oh, this might have
Was this
mine? Was this
mine? Wait, no wonder I find this funny.
I wrote
that. But this wasn't my only
home. This was my other one. And this is
important. And this is important
because
yay. Very good.
Didn't I name this
thing? Here's a bathroom I
built. Whoever was spamming Skibbidity
earlier, now is your moment.
Man, I did not know how to build
anything. This was not This was not
mine, was it?
It's underneath my mine, but I don't
remember.
Orange. Did I build
this? What was this room supposed to
be? Am I two blocks tall? Are
you? Yes.
What was that supposed to
be? Oh, yes. Cobblestone. Wait, did I
build this?
I did build this. I remember building
this [__] cobblestone staircase to
get down to this mine. I used to be
really obsessed with making mines super
accessible instead of running around
them like a bit little [__] like I do
now. I remember
Yeah, I remember you had an aquarium
somewhere. Or if maybe that was Bonnie's
aquarium or
something that you built for
Bonnie. This was uh presumably Ricky's
roller coaster situation.
Wait, wait.
Claraara, this is warp to
pudis. This is
it. This was
pudis.
Remember this was warped to pudas.
This was warped to
pudas. There's something else up
here. What is up here?
Okay.
Sure. What was I don't understand what
so many of these structures were meant
to be. I know what pudis was.
Bonnie would go crazy to see these
things again. What is this? Oh, that was
just a
[__] god forsaken one of
those. Uh, this was a winter's house
presumably. Know if they
ever Oh, that's right. They wanted the
the chorus plant
stuff. I remember that's my drawing. Why
is that here?
Please don't. Oh my god, that was turn
snacko. Oh my god, I remember turn
snacko. Please don't let turn snacko
down there. He's curious as
[__] Out into the wild.
I'll get I'll get to that stuff over
there shortly.
But you you you You were
like over
here. Ah.
Not
this. There's a button on the stairs.
Oh, wait. There it
is. I remember this.
Yay.
Yes. Normal.
I remember this
aquarium. Dinner by the aquarium.
Fluffy said, "Are you a single mother?"
"You will be soon." "Are you a single
mother?" "No." "Well, you will be soon.
Someone's coming to your house whether
you like it or not."
Okay, now let me get to the thing that
was like driving me insane the moment I
saw it when I was adjusting the server
and
stuff. Here we go. All right. What was
this again?
I don't remember whose this was. There's
a sign on the front. I don't know if I
want to
look. This is quite
nondescript. That was loud. Oh,
okay. Oh, you know what? With the pink
top. That makes
sense. That makes sense.
Okay. Well, oh, yeah. There was the uh
the blue ice speedway. we were
building cuz we were right next to
a ice
biome. Anyhow, we were both we were all
building yachts for some
reason. Uh I don't remember
if cuz that one's mine over there. I
don't remember if this one was mine,
too. This one was yours for certain. I
think I can tell mainly because it's has
a more interesting exterior. The left
two are
mine. What? What is all this
then? Oh, it's just a
wildfire.
Moving on from the
wildfire. I don't think I remember this.
Oh, but this is mine. Are any of you
normal? I don't know what this is.
That's epic. Markiplier. What are you
doing out here?
Where's Epic Markiplier? There is epic
Markiplier. Okay, but
here's here's the important
thing. Now, here's the important thing.
I completely forgot I did
this. What?
Fluffy said knock off.
Dex said, "Okay,
this is DJ
Khaled. This is the DJ Khaled music
studio.
So guess what?
What? I don't know.
Take a pick and your life. If it's a
diamond, got to mine
it. If it's a furnace, got to light
it. If it's a go to heart
it armor, I don't mind it. I broke my
sword. I should repair
it. I want to see you in my Minecraft
bed. If I go griefing, got to break it.
Let's imagine you are the nicest. To be
honest, it is gold. I don't want to mine
it. I don't want to mind if you're not
going to mind with me nice to be honest.
It's gold. I don't want to mine it. I
don't want to mind if you're not going
to mind with me
nice. I don't want to mind if you're not
going to mind with me. Nice. Mind me
going to mind with me. You hit nothing.
Got a
TNT fluffy. Ladies and
gentlemen, you are the nicest.
Oh my god. Falling in love with the
corporate illustrations here.
Spoilers.
Spoiler. No, no, no. It's okay.
You know how we do it.
Hostile care.
No, it's okay. It's okay. No, it's okay.
It's okay.
Got a goat
horn. Don't know what those are for.
Sing a song about
Fluffy said, "Good one,
Violet." Now I'm headed. I'm
still get your head out your ass. I'm
the antive of the internet. Still
cleaning up the viruses that you had
left. I think I'm falling in love
again. Don't stop. Don't stop until you
hear that you I'm the internet of the
internet. Been fighting on new ground if
my love is valid. [__] this inism. Let
the colors fly. Don't care. You think
it's cringy because it's not your life.
She said, "Do you like waffles?" I said,
"Hell yeah." Watching until 2 a.m. I
ain't got no iPhone, but I got a DS with
a key to bring me the best. I've been
failing my glasses cuz I don't give a
damn. They say the world is my oyster,
but the free market's a scam.
Everything's been changing since last
generation was born. And they won't try
to take change to
any still cleaning up the viruses that
you had left. I think I'm falling in
love again.
Don't stop. Don't stop until
you been
fighting. Fluffy
said it's not your life. Never too late
to fall in love with the world. Your
pass is
not with a twirl. Yeah, we all made
mistakes before.
of life. But once you restate your
heart, you'll be just fine. Now it's
your life. You say it's all
mine. All
mine. Reling your friends and hies. Let
your heart speak. When a drifted system
[__] just
blocking up the viruses that
you think
again. Wow, that was so nice.
Hey
hey
hey.
Hey, the back.
Okay, thanks for coming stream everyone.
Dex said, "Gooby.